README.md, before:

# PaleoMap3D
Three.js webapp that renders the globe with colour coded elevation data.  Go back in time and see what the earth used to look like! 🌎🌍🌏

## problem
In csv files, we have:
- longitude (meridians)
- latitude (parallels)
- elevation

Longitude and Latitude are spherical coordinates, rendering works in cartesian coordinates. 
- [x] 3d
- 2d

3D conversion:
```
R = radius
x = R * cos(latitude) * cos(longitude)
y = R * cos(latitude) * sin(longitude)
z = R * sin(latitude)
```

2D conversion:
```
? ToDo
```

Color gradient with elevation.
- find max and min for scale.
- min: -11000.0
- max: 10500.0

109 maps with name of era and how long ago in millions of years.

----

## Credits
CSV files used fall under the, Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 license. Credit to:

"Plate tectonic maps and Continental drift animations by C. R. Scotese,
PALEOMAP Project (www.scotese.com)"

You can download them here -> https://zenodo.org/records/5460860

Read the full report on the data here -> https://www.earthbyte.org/webdav/ftp/Data_Collections/Scotese_Wright_2018_PaleoDEM/Scotese_Wright2018_PALEOMAP_PaleoDEMs.pdf

Commit message:

Added: spacebox, better credits, better elevation legend

README.md, after:

# PaleoMap3D
Three.js webapp that renders the globe with colour coded elevation data.  Go back in time and see what the earth used to look like! 🌎🌍🌏

## problem
In csv files, we have:
- longitude (meridians)
- latitude (parallels)
- elevation

Longitude and Latitude are spherical coordinates, rendering works in cartesian coordinatesm.

3D conversion:
```
R = radius
x = R * cos(latitude) * cos(longitude)
y = R * cos(latitude) * sin(longitude)
z = R * sin(latitude)
```

Color gradient with elevation.
- find max and min for scale.
- min: -11000.0
- max: 10500.0

109 maps with name of era and how long ago in millions of years.

----

## Credits
CSV files used fall under the, Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 license. Credit to:

"Plate tectonic maps and Continental drift animations by C. R. Scotese,
PALEOMAP Project (www.scotese.com)"

"PaleoDEMS_long_lat_elev_csv_v2.zip" by C. R. Scotese, PALEOMAP Project (http://www.scotese.com/), retrieved from https://zenodo.org/records/5460860, used under Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)

You can download them here -> https://zenodo.org/records/5460860

Read the full report on the data here -> https://www.earthbyte.org/webdav/ftp/Data_Collections/Scotese_Wright_2018_PaleoDEM/Scotese_Wright2018_PALEOMAP_PaleoDEMs.pdf

Skybox (Spacebox) generated here -> https://tools.wwwtyro.net/space-3d/index.html#animationSpeed=0.40999401408739444&fov=75.43504464834814&nebulae=false&pointStars=true&resolution=1024&seed=aqywua8jycc&stars=true&sun=true
